#summary A logging tool for PHP applications.

=PHPLogger (standalone) - a logger for a PHP application=

|| src || doc || download ||

A logging tool for PHP applications. Enables the logging of HTTP server information as triples Request,Data,Response on PHP applications. Each triple is stored as a XML file with the IP, Port and timeStamp of the PHP request.

==REQUIREMENTS==

A PHP application deployed on a webserver.
	
==PREPARING==

 # Copy the PHP logger (files !FittestPhpLogger.php, !FittestPhpLoggerConfig.php and Properties.php) to a folder (i.e. eu.fittest.phplogger) in the root directory of your PHP web application.
 # Copy the folder ".fittest" (includes the configuration file "phploggercomponent.conf") to the root directory of your PHP web application.
 # Edit the file "phploggercomponent.conf" to set the property "phploggercomponent.logging.dir" to a folder in which the PHP application has write access.
 # Setup the PHP directive "auto_prepend_file" to automatically include the "!FittestPhpLogger.php" file before the web application main-file. The directive can be set in either the global "php.ini" file, the webserver configuration file, or a ".htaccess" file in the root directory of the web application.

For example, if the index.php page of the application is located in /var/www/yourapp/, create a file "/var/www/yourapp/.htaccess" with the content:
{{{
php_value auto_prepend_file  /var/www/yourapp/eu.fittest.phplogger/FittestPhpLogger.php"
}}}

==RUNNING==

Just run your PHP application as usual. As clients start using the web application all the requests will generate a new XML file in the folder path configured by the property "phploggercomponent.logging.dir" inside "phploggercomponent.conf".